going to come in here with my small
gouge and clean this foot up do a little
bit of work on that turn the speed down
turn it down quite a bit back there
going to turn out really slow and bring
it up slowly on it and now I can come in
here and start to do some work
using kind of a pulling cut I'm now
using the bevel on this cut I'm just
using the bottom edge of the couch
looked a little closer to this
now starting to make that a little bit
concave there so it's going to sit on my
foot out here
now have a little tiny footprint there
is just taking shape
okay let's get the outside I've got a
little bit of a ridge here I need a
little bit more work right there and
then I'm going to remove the center and
get rid of that little nub it in there
now I've left a little bit i'm going to
sand out past here each time a little
farther on each grit to blend these two
surfaces that feels pretty good now we
can move this away